Introduce mkosi-sandbox and stop using subuids for image builds (#2956)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi/resources/mkosi.md

  on first boot if there are no regular users.

- Why do I see failures to chown files when building images?

  When not running as root, your user is not able to change ownership of
  files to arbitrary owners. Various distributions still ship files in their
  packages that are not owned by the root user. When not running as root, mkosi
  maps the current user to root when invoking package managers, which means that
  changing ownership to root will work but changing ownership to any other user
  or group will fail.

  If this behavior causes applications running in your image to misbehave, you
  can consider running `mkosi` as root which avoids this problem. Alternatively,
  if running `mkosi` as root is not desired, you can use
  `unshare --map-auto --map-current-user --setuid 0 --setgid 0` to become root in
  a user namespace with more than one user assuming the UID/GID mappings in
  `/etc/subuid` and `/etc/subgid` are configured correctly. Note that running mkosi
  as root or with `unshare` means that all output files produced by mkosi will not
  be owned by your current user anymore.

  Note that for systemd services that need directories in `/var` owned by the service

>   user and group, an alternative to shipping these directories in rpm packages or

Reviewer: Let's drop the RPM there to make this more inclusive
```suggestion
  user and group, an alternative to shipping these directories in packages or
```

>   creating them via systemd-tmpfiles is to use `StateDirectory=`, `CacheDirectory=` or

Reviewer: Creating them via tmpfiles.d config wouldn't be bad as long as the config is shipped in `/usr/` as well,  the problem are postinst scriptlets, so I'd write
```suggestion
  creating them via package postinstallation scripts, is to use `StateDirectory=`, `CacheDirectory=` or
```
